Sidebar menu
Search

Get app
Write
Notifications

BEKHABAR DAIRY
Home
Library
Profile
Stories
Stats
Following
Find writers and publications to follow.

See suggestions
Get unlimited access to the best of Medium for less than $1/week.
Become a member

How to Write Successful YouTube Scripts that Will Give You 100K Views in a Day?
Laiba Akhtar
Laiba Akhtar

Follow
4 min read
·
Jun 10, 2025
51






In November of 2024, I wrote a script for a YouTube channel. And suddenly, by June 2025, I was working for 5 and 6 YouTube channels in different niches for clients around the globe. Each script varies from 15 to 30 minutes of video and revolves around various topics such as Hollywood celebrities’ drama, Harry and Meghan Drama, TikTokers, Woke people, US Political Issues, Formula 1, Hockey, Football, etc.

My clients were from different countries such as Pakistan, the Netherlands, America, India, etc.

Some of them wanted a 30-minute script within a few hours, as they worked in the news niche and wanted to add informative breaking news daily. For example, one of my clients is working in the Justin Baldoni and Blake Lively niche, and wanted scripts almost every day for them. Similarly, clients working in US politics also want 15-minute videos almost daily.

Press enter or click to view image in full size

Press enter or click to view image in full size

But, there are a few clients who are working in the information niche and gave me a 24-hour or 2-day deadline. For example, my clients in Formula 1, Hockey, and Football could wait for a day or two to get the script.

How do I manage all of them? Well, I will share my secret in the next story publication. So, be a part of my newsletter to get the next update.

Write on Medium
Here, I will tell you what elements make my scripts so engaging and unique that they get 100k views.

Spoiler Alert: Almost every client is demanding these elements in their scripts.

Clips: Either you have a faceless channel or a face channel, adding different clips in between your voiceover will enhance the quality of your script. As a writer, it is my duty to make sure that videos perform better. So, I find engaging and relevant clips, and add them to the script where it is possible. In a 30-minute video, I can casually add 20 to 30 small clips easily. These clips can either be memes, any news, any opinion, or anything that will either confirm the information we are giving or enhance our script’s data.
Sarcasm: Nowadays, everyone’s attention span is getting narrow. No one has the stamina to watch 15 to 30 minutes of video in one go. So, adding a bit of humour, memes, and sarcasm in the script keeps it engaging. You can add light humour in almost every script. For example, in US political scripts, I keep my tone 80 percent in a commentary form, but do add some humor in the other 20 percent. It can involve making fun of Donald Trump or Joe Biden, or mocking any of their policies.
Short Introductions: Long introductions bore people. So, I strictly keep my introduction within 3 to 4 lines. Yes, sometimes, I have to make them long if the topic demands. But then, I make sure to add six to seven short clips of 3-4 seconds in the introduction. It keeps things spicy, interesting, and people will be hooked to watch the full video. Moreover, in my introduction, I make sure to give them a glimpse of what the script is offering in a dramatic and intense tone.
Rehooks: Rehooks are small sentences that either enhance the tension or give a glimpse of the next paragraph. They can be sarcastic, dramatic, or offer a unique plot twist. They can have any stat, shocking fact, or could start with “But” and “However” that will pull the audience's attention back to the script. You should add these rehooks after almost every 2 paragraphs.
Storytelling: People love stories. So, your YouTube script should sound like a story to their ears. No matter if you are writing a political script or about any Hollywood drama, your script should contain a story. For example, in politics, you can showcase the history of a policy in the form of a story. In Hollywood drama or sports niche, you can start the story of any team, artist, or player to give an interesting twist in your script.
If you want to automate your YouTube channels, I can help you. Just email me at laibaakhtar140@gmail.com and you will get the help.

If you have any questions related to these points, do let me know in the comments section. I will help you in learning high-quality script writing.

Script Writer
Script Writing Services
Freelancing
Content Writing
Content Writing Services
51





Laiba Akhtar
Written by Laiba Akhtar
700 followers
·
85 following
Freelance Content Writer and Blogger! Will share writing tips with you along with some other entertaining and informative stuff!


Follow
No responses yet
BEKHABAR DAIRY
BEKHABAR DAIRY
﻿

Cancel
Respond
Help

Status

About

Careers

Press

Blog

Privacy

Rules

Terms

Text to speech